"icbm_avg_152_segmented.nii.gz" was created by K. Butenko using data from ICBM 152 Nonlinear atlases
G. Grabner, A. L. Janke, M. M. Budge, D. Smith, J. Pruessner, and D. L. Collins, "Symmetric atlasing and model based segmentation: an application to the hippocampus in older adults", Med Image Comput Comput Assist Interv Int Conf Med Image Comput Comput Assist Interv, vol. 9, pp. 58-66, 2006.

Copyright (C) 1993-2004 Louis Collins, McConnell Brain
Imaging Centre, Montreal Neurological Institute, McGill University.
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and
its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies.  The
authors and McGill University make no representations about the
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as
is" without express or implied warranty.  The authors are not
responsible for any data loss, equipment damage, property loss, or
injury to subjects or patients resulting from the use or misuse of
this software package. 



"IIT3mean_tensor_CRPNordin_boundary.nii.gz" and "IIT3mean_tensor_normalizedMapping.nii.gz" were created by A. Andree using data from IIT Human Brain Atlas (https://www.nitrc.org/projects/iit)
Zhang S, Arfanakis K. "Evaluation of standardized and study-specific diffusion tensor imaging templates of the adult human brain: Template characteristics, spatial normalization accuracy, and detection of small inter-group FA differences", Neuroimage, vol. 172, pp. 40-50, 2018.



"STN_Setsompop2mm.h5" was created by K. Butenko using data from:
K.  Setsompop,  R.  Kimmlingen,  E.  Eberlein,  T.  Witzel,  J.  Cohen-Adad, J. McNab, et al., Pushing the limits of in vivo diffusion mri for the human connectome project, NeuroImage 80 (2013) 220–233.
processed by:
A. Horn, A. Kühn, A. Merkl, L. Shih, R. Alterman, M. Fox, Probabilistic conversion of neurosurgical DBS electrode coordinates into MNI space, NeuroImage 150 (2017) 395-404.
